for what I did not want because the idea did not
it was his and trying to improve our dance
You do not care.
sometimes you make me so angry that
I want to hit her
go ahead you know what you want
sure she 's a psychologist not for pepe
hitting someone never solves any
A clear problem that resolves when you
wears giant therapeutic boxing gloves
is making all'm so is a
good way to release the fury is to
excuse me and more rock never stops
make decisions
ué I would not do this and you do
something fun and stop me
to tease
I do not provoke you do everything in secret
and I convinced our people like you
any one
Let's see you made me eat a wave
giant the size of a car and I am
vegetarian
Did you make me party like I did?
I had to work as a waitress.
You cheated to catch the bus to
los angeles and ends up dancing on the
an airplane or netherlands
there nobody liked it when you write
you to do a productive test of
chicago and everything turned out very well
wants to know
we had no problem before
start therapy
so please let's go to
Sorry, but from now on I take
my decisions
I'm going to stay, not going, the session is over
The game, I did not believe I did work.
to enter and you do not have to
When you get home and leave in peace.
I had a day full of emotions in the
rock therapy you lie on the couch and
complaining all day while I
I work a lot to survive
You do not understand the angry rock star.
me because you think the link
bonella is not the one that only discovered
Now I was not very fast right.
So it's true they might not be in the
defensive and have not heard it
I was saying that I did not coincide.
I see what you're saying.
8 if permanent mode
Look you just were little babies with me.
loaded my books into the
I'll pay my lunch when I'm done.
fishing for users
Do not forget that we can have the child too.
so how can I forget these realize
How can I do this and that?
Do you think I want to know that he
Can you come a hug too, people see him?
never touched the subject and cleaning the
nose on my shoulder
now let's get our phones and
synchronize our schedules I go
leave the weekend just for you
Saturday and Sunday someone is in order to
a session
No one has it all, but I'm
by the way, do not forget to remember
because we were never people we are always
running from here friends on account of not
It was though I knew to get rid of them.
so barrel
the fast street quietly we will
delay